my people started farming in this
country in 1637 we house nearly 2,000
animals I think we our numbers are 1,850
animals total on this firm if you want
to make milk and you want to make a high
quality milk you afford the best to the
animal sanitation in nutrition in animal
comfort and plenty of fresh air and all
of these burns
the floors are lined with rubber rubber
mats so the cows walk on rubber to
reduce stress they lay on a fiber filled
mattress with bedding on top of that we
move a lot of air also so so really
there now climate controlled environment
we decided that in order to handle the
waste stream that we handle on a daily
basis we had to do it in the most
responsible manner possible
and the methane digester was the tool
that's the best that's available to
sequester the gases and the odors and
protect the groundwater we produced last
year nearly 2 million kilowatts of power
to the grid all from methane gas on this
farm we've had during the past five
years over 16,000 people from 23
countries tour the entire farm and we've
tried to provide a fairly open
transparent process
I'd like the consumer to know the
product that you're getting is
top-quality the milk is tested before it
leaves the farm it's tested again before
it goes into the processing plant
we're also eating that food and and if
we know that there's something there
that's not right we're not going to eat
it
what makes Vermont so special
it's a good way to live
plenty of work